to show printing the block of wood I've
taken a block of wood that I've already
carved and one of the reasons why I
chose this one is because there are
large areas that have carved away and
then there's also a large amount of
areas of solid wood that's still
remaining on the block gives you an idea
of how those different areas are going
to be affected when printing so now that
I have mixed my ink on my palette I'm
gonna use my brayer again to get that
nice sheet of ink to roll onto my block
of wood now giving the hang of the
brayer and getting that nice layer of
ink on there does take some time so
don't be discouraged if at first it
doesn't come as easily as you would like
now as I'm inking the block of wood you
can see here that the areas in between
the raised part the carve marks they are
picking up little bits of ink now one of
the things if you are planning to
addition your block of wood is
regulating which carve marks pick up ink
each time is difficult we're not I'm not
going to worry about that right now I'm
just going to worry about getting a nice
clean layer of ink on my block one of
the things I was talking about was a
carving shelf and the reason is that my
brayer is going to seek the tallest part
of any area that I am rolling it onto so
right here even though all of this is
carved if I was to put my brayer right
there it's gonna pick up all of those
carve marks so if I want to minimize the
number of carve marks that are being
picked up with my brayer I'm going to
want to keep my brayer as much on the
surface of the block of wood that I
haven't carved away as possible so that
I can make sure that this brayer is
staying
on that surface that I chose to keep